# PageTableSimulation

This code shows the basic implementation of page table access techniques used by the computer system.

The different techniques implemented are :
- As a map. Logical page number is the key and physical page number is value 
- As single level page table 
- As multiple level page table, entries in each level is defined in config.h 

Code Structure of the project follows :

- ```Task.h``` -> Contains classes for differnt type of page tables with its related functions.
- ```task.cpp``` -> function definations of the different classed defined in task.h.
- ```memory_manager.h``` -> Contains class for memory manager and its related functions.
- ```memory_manager.cpp``` -> function defination of class functions defined in memory_manager.h
- ```test.cpp``` -> uses multithreading for generation of trace to test the program. It generates traces with in the different sections defined in the config.h
- ```main.cpp``` -> contains main function.In the main we read the trace file line by line and run function according to the implementation type provided by the user and then prints the stats according the implementation.
- ```Makefile``` -> contains make rules for the folder.

Steps to build the project :
- ```make ``` -> to comiple the main project without trace generation.
- ```make clean ``` -> to remove all object and build files generated by compiler.
- ```make run ```-> to execute the main folder.
- ```make run-test``` ->  to compile and execute the test module for trace generation.
